chore(relay): Mention storage requirements, depending on the options configured (#8101)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/relay/operating-guidelines.mdx

| Memory   | - At least 2GB of RAM per Relay container is recommended.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| Network  | - Bandwidth: Make sure you have enough capacity to receive and forward the planned data volume. Relay compresses all upstream requests to `sentry.io` by default, but the compression rate might vary depending on the types and shapes of the submitted events.<br/> - Latency: Relay can tolerate network delays up to a certain point. It is however recommended to make sure that the round-trip time to the upstream stays lower than 5 seconds. |

> | Storage  | - By default Relay does not require the disk storage.<br/> - The storage is required only if [Spooling](/product/relay/options/#spooling) is configured, see `spool.envelopes.max_memory_size` configuration option.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Storage  | - Disk storage is only required if [Spooling](/product/relay/options/#spooling) is configured. See the `spool.envelopes.max_memory_size` configuration option. Otherwise, Relay does not require disk storage.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
```
